hey who what where reader is it's
reachable and you're here at my Luckies
cover shoot this morning I arrived to
lovely Pasadena at this house and I just
gotten out of the shower so my hair is
wet and I came in and sort of looked
through clothes and started hair and
makeup fitted the clothes and then once
we were done with hair and makeup and
all that stuff started taking pictures
delicious food but the Magnusson and
myself we talked about creating a
concept something that feels very
Mediterranean very beautiful sort of
color very beachy our whole inspiration
for the shoot was quite girly pinks and
pestel's and this whole beautiful
setting at this head house and she's
quite chic it looks really cool you know
I noticed a lot of hot pants which I'm
not gonna say hot pants are what you
might wear when you're walking down the
street but if you're a photoshoot I
thought they were really cool we need to
take into account what Rachel's and I
like what's gonna look good on her you
know what works in the story is AB it's
a big team you know team effort we came
to probably I think 10th that were
favourites and then we narrowed it down
and I think we probably shot six in
total the outfit that we're trying to
accessorize if you will are complement
are very pastel soft whites
you know minty greens and pinks and
peaches and so for the nails we wanted a
little bit more pop of color when it
wanted to kind of contrast the pastels
of the outfits so we went a little bit
brighter and we decided to go with a
really nice coral shade like a pinky
orange orange phase actually but you
know I think it's so important for
people to try things because I really
looked at clothes and fashion as a way
of expressing yourself and you should
have fun with it and wear what makes you
feel good I think it's important to just
really kind of find your element